183: add pulsar client configs; 173: describe streamnative/flink and apache/flink (#194)
streamnative/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/table/pulsar.md

| `topics`                       | (none)                     | List&lt;String&gt; | Topic name(s) the table reads data from. It can be a single topic name or a list of topic names separated by a semicolon symbol (`;`) like `topic-1;topic-2`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> However, besides these Pulsar SQL connector options, you can configure the underlying Pulsar DataStream Connector using the connector options defined in [Apache Pulsar Source Connector](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/#source-configurable-options) and [Apache Pulsar Sink Connector]([subscription type]([Apache Pulsar Source Connector](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/#sink-configurable-options) using `WITH` clause.

Reviewer: Use the inline document link instead of hard code URL.

Author: This documentation is copied from the SN hub documentation. so to keep it in sync with the SN hub doc, we need to use a hard code url

Reviewer 2: If the content is going to be added to the Flink community, you can use the internal link. Because the linked content has existed in the Flink community. If we want to use them in SN Hub, we need to use an external link.

Author: This content is not going to be added Flink community recently. the rationale behind I use hard code url in this documentation is :

1. This documentation is meant to be hidden from user, users should use the SN hub version as the single source of truth for now.
2. The documentation is kept so everytime we commit a change related to SQL connector, we need to update the documentation as well.
3. In each release, we just copy this documentation and replace the corresponding part in pulsar-hub documentation.

When we finally decide to contribute the Flink community, I plan to atomically
1. replace all hard url with project relative path
2. merge to Flink community
3. rewrite SN hub documentation

    'key.json.ignore-parse-errors' = 'true',
    'key.fields' = 'uid;item_id',
    'value.format' = 'json',
    'value.json.fail-on-missing-field' = 'false'
```

> ### Configure auth parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configure authentication parameters
```

> This example shows how to specify and configure the auth parameters used by the underlying Pulsar admin client. T

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to specify and configure the authentication parameters used by the underlying Pulsar admin client. T
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE users
(
  `uid`         BIGINT,
  `item_id`     BIGINT,
  `description` STRING
) WITH (
    'connector' = 'pulsar',
    'topics' = 'persistent://public/default/users',
    'service-url' = 'pulsar://localhost:6650',
    'admin-url' = 'http://localhost:8080',
    'pulsar.client.tlsAllowInsecureConnection' = 'true', 
    'pulsar.client.authPluginClassName' = 'org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationToken',
    'pulsar.client.authParams' = 'token:eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1c2VyMSJ9.2AgtxHe8-2QBV529B5DrRtpuqP6RJjrk21Mhn'
```

> ## Relationship between apache/flink and streamnative/flink

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Relationship between the `apache/flink` repository and `streamnative/flink` repository
```

> StreamNative maintains a fork of [apache/flink](https://github.com/apache/flink) in [streamnative/flink](https://github.com/streamnative/flink). The StreamNative's fork only maintains a different Pulsar DataStream Connector and Pulsar SQL Connector compared with the official Flink repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
StreamNative forks the [apache/flink](https://github.com/apache/flink) repository and maintains the project in [streamnative/flink](https://github.com/streamnative/flink). Compared with the official Flink repository, the StreamNative forked repository maintains a different Pulsar DataStream Connector and Pulsar SQL Connector.
```

> streamnative/flink contains both Pulsar DataStream Connector and Pulsar SQL Connector. However, apache/flink contains only Pulsar DataStream Connector at this time. We will merge back the Pulsar SQL Connector in the coming months. For Pulsar DataStream Connector, the code and distribution in streamnative/flink differs slightly from those in apache/flink. Usually, new features and bug fixes will first go into streamnative/flink, and then PR is created against apache/flink.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the `apache/flink` repository only contains the Pulsar DataStream connector while the `streamnative/flink` repository contains both the Pulsar DataStream connector and the Pulsar SQL connector.
  
- Pulsar DataStream connector: the code and distribution in the `streamnative/flink` repository differ slightly from those in the `apache/flink` repository. Usually, new features and bug fixes will first go into the `streamnative/flink` repository, and then related PRs are submitted to the `apache/flink` repository.
- Pulsar SQL connector: StreamNative will merge the Pulsar SQL connector back to the Flink community in the coming months. 
```

> For detailed differences and recommendations, please see the following sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed differences and recommendations, see the following sections.
```

### Components

> | Repository              | Pulsar DataStream Source | Pulsar DataStream Sink | Pulsar SQL Source | Pulsar SQL Sink |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Repository              | Pulsar DataStream source | Pulsar DataStream sink | Pulsar SQL source | Pulsar SQL sink |
```

|-------------------------|--------------------------|------------------------|-------------------|-----------------|
| apache/flink 1.14       | Yes                      |                        |                   |                 |
| apache/flink 1.15       | Yes                      | Yes                    |                   |                 |
| streamnative/flink 1.15 | Yes                      | Yes                    | Yes               | Yes             |

> ### Release process, version and documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Release process, version, and documentation
```

> | Repository        | Release                                                  | Versioning                                                       | DataStream Connector Documentation                                                                                              | SQL Connector Documentation |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Repository        | Release                                                  | Versioning                                                       | DataStream connector documentation                                                                                              | SQL connector documentation |
```

|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|

> | apache/flink      | Managed by Flink community, follow Flink release process | Standard Semantic Versioning, like 1.15.0                        | Maintained on [Official Flink Website](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/) | Not available yet           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| apache/flink      | Managed by Flink community, following Flink release process | Standard Semantic Versioning, like 1.15.0                        | Maintained on [Official Flink Website](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/) | Not available yet           |
```

> | streamnative/flink | Managed by StreamNative team, follow monthly release.    | Use an extra digit on top of the Flink version, such as 1.15.0.1 | Not available yet, but similar to the [Official Flink Website](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/)                                                                  | Maintained in current doc   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| streamnative/flink | Managed by StreamNative, following a monthly release process.    | Use an extra digit on top of the Flink version, such as 1.15.0.1 | Not available yet, but similar to the [Official Flink Website](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar/)                                                                  | Maintained in current documentation   |
```

### Issue and Feature tracking

> - For Pulsar DataStream connectors, please use [Flink JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/FLINK/issues) to submit bug reports and feature requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For the Pulsar DataStream connector, use [Flink JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/FLINK/issues) to submit bug reports and feature requests.
```

> - For Pulsar SQL connectors, since it's not merged back to official Flink repository yet, please use the [Issue List](https://github.com/streamnative/flink/issues) in streamnative/flink to submit bug reports and feature requests. Once the SQL Connector is merged back to the official repository, we will use the Flink JIRA as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For the Pulsar SQL connector, since it's not merged back to the official Flink repository yet, create an [issue](https://github.com/streamnative/flink/issues) in the `streamnative/flink` repository to submit bug reports and feature requests. Once the SQL Connector is merged back to the official Flink repository, use the Flink JIRA as well.
```

### Artifact locations

> | Repository           | Pulsar DataStream Connector                                                         | Pulsar SQL Connector                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Repository           | Pulsar DataStream connector                                                         | Pulsar SQL connector                                                                    |
```

    'key.json.ignore-parse-errors' = 'true',
    'key.fields' = 'uid;item_id',
    'value.format' = 'json',
    'value.json.fail-on-missing-field' = 'false'
```

### Configure auth parameters

This example shows how to specify and configure the auth parameters used by the underlying Pulsar admin client. T

```sql
CREATE TABLE users
(
  `uid`         BIGINT,
  `item_id`     BIGINT,
  `description` STRING
) WITH (
    'connector' = 'pulsar',
    'topics' = 'persistent://public/default/users',
    'service-url' = 'pulsar://localhost:6650',
    'admin-url' = 'http://localhost:8080',
    'pulsar.client.tlsAllowInsecureConnection' = 'true', 
    'pulsar.client.authPluginClassName' = 'org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationToken',
    'pulsar.client.authParams' = 'token:eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1c2VyMSJ9.2AgtxHe8-2QBV529B5DrRtpuqP6RJjrk21Mhn'
```

> 

Reviewer: Drop the extra blank lines.

streamnative/flink contains both Pulsar DataStream Connector and Pulsar SQL Connector. However, apache/flink contains only Pulsar DataStream Connector at this time. We will merge back the Pulsar SQL Connector in the coming months. For Pulsar DataStream Connector, the code and distribution in streamnative/flink differs slightly from those in apache/flink. Usually, new features and bug fixes will first go into streamnative/flink, and then PR is created against apache/flink.

For detailed differences and recommendations, please see the following sections.

### Components

| Repository              | Pulsar DataStream Source | Pulsar DataStream Sink | Pulsar SQL Source | Pulsar SQL Sink |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|------------------------|-------------------|-----------------|
| apache/flink 1.14       | Yes                      |                        |                   |                 |
| apache/flink 1.15       | Yes                      | Yes                    |                   |                 |

> | streamnative/flink 1.15 | Yes                      | Yes                    | Yes               | Yes             |

Reviewer: We may also add Flink 1.14 support with the Pulsar 2.10.0.

Author: Can the 1.15.0 and above connector be used with Flink 1.14 directly? I haven't tested yet.
